Okay. All right. So anyway, um, I know you don't like,
um, hi.
You don't like compliments. Um, you get a little uneasy about compliments,
so I just try not to swung it your way. Um.
Yeah. Why can't we just keep doing what we're doing here,
because I think that'd be way more.
It wouldn't be tiger belly if I didn't, you know what I mean?
It's a little weird, but, um, I'm just gonna tell you how I discovered you.
You know, I, I do all my whole career to you.
I was struggling until Bobby Lee died.
No, no, no. Not discover you in terms of like, you did it on your own,
obviously, but no, in terms of, by my awareness of you. Oh,
can I tell you that story?
I remember it was a big day in my career. Bobby Lee is finally,
am I on Bobby? Lee's radar? See, this is what he's going to,
this is when things start to happen.
I'm not gonna allow this reverse. I'm not, yeah.
I'm not gonna allow this to happen. I'm just gonna plug away.
You know what I mean?
You can talk to him all you want. I can hear it.
Like sea glass. It's not soundproof.
So years ago, years ago, um, I had no idea who you were. And, um,
I was in a car with Steve Byrne and Ken Jong.
And we're driving from San Francisco to LA.
Cause we had to do gigs together at that time because we couldn't draw on our
own. And so, uh, Steven loved Oasis,
but we kept playing. Oh, waste is over, over again. Like he.
Still does. I know. Right?
It's like give it a rest. Right? They have three songs,
good songs, champagne supernova, wonder wall and some other one.
Okay. That's it great songs, but that's it. So he and I,
we go, what would we listen to? And he goes, well,
I have a friend from New York, you know, he [inaudible], we have,
I have his comedy CD.
And we're like, we just said, well, I want to this no comedy right now.
We're eight hours in the. Open micros, seat or whatever. Right.
He puts it in. None of it was a very funny,
but there was one bit about you and the subway.
And then you saw some guy pick a girl up and then your high pitched voice,
you mean by the back of the bed, right? Yeah.
And we laughed so hard and that's when you know what I mean, when I, Oh,
bill Burr, bill broke the bill Burr. And then, um, now.
One of the greatest comics on the planet,
how does that feel? What was that character?
I don't even take. No, I'm plugging away. I'm doing all right.
You doing all right? Well, it's great.
Because of the fact that it's like, you know, here's the, here's the deal?
The honest truth is this. Okay.
I just loved that whole body line. Okay. Here's here's the deal here. Let's get,
let's get real.
So, um, you know, I'm almost 50 and I feel like, um,
things are kind of slowly happening for me as well. Right.
It's just nice to see like.
You, but you've been on television for like almost 30 years.
What are you talking about? Mad TV. Oh my God. Okay. First of all,
Matt TV was like doing community theater. That's how much we got paid.
I'm not, I'm just telling you. I know.
Did you get over in show business?
Did you think that was a big pot of gold and then somebody else took it from
you? Yeah. That's what happens, but you was still on TV.
You still walk down the street and people are like, Oh my God,
it's Bobby Lee from mad TV.
Fine, fine. You're right. And I'm grateful. Okay. But I'm just saying.
The empathy that I have for you right now. It's just,
how much of your day is trying to pick this up
and keep it buoyant.
See the thing about him though.
Yeah, go ahead. I feel like I'm getting cross-examined.
He, he has a ways he he's one of those guys like Whitney. It was like that too.
When she sees me behaving in a certain way to garner some sort of sympathy
sympathy, or, you know, I I'm do something psychological. Right.
So I can get something out of some and he sees through it where other people,
they fall into it and they go, Oh no, you know what I mean? And they,
you know what I mean?
I've just been around a lot of dirtbags. So I
I've been taking advantage of a couple of times. I know when it's happening.
Yeah. But you could see through it, but I'm just saying that, um,
let's go back to what I was doing originally, which is, um,
you're doing well and congratulate.
That's all I wanted to say. Thank you. I appreciate that. I appreciate that.
B you're killing it. I love the Mandalorian right here. All of a sudden,
I didn't even know you were on it. And when you're watching something you love,
right. And that you see a guy that, you know, up there killing it, you go,
Oh my God, it's crazy. Right. And then like, and then he's in the, the, the,
the,
the avatar movie and a bunch of know he's killing
it. That's all I wanted to say.
I caught up to you.
Why don't comics? Why do comics not like compliments?
I know. I think some of them do, look, I respect,
you know, other comics liking what I do. I do enjoy that,
but I don't want to sit here and just like, listen to that.
You're giving him the worst experience. I just want to like,
hang out and whoever's watching this. You don't have to go James Lipton
when you did that joke on comedy central.
Yeah. But because this is your first time on this podcast. Right. So I just,
I need to get that out of there.
I'm a big fan of it too. I always put the little heart on all clips.
I always think, I always think it's funny.
Thank you. And so, you know, from now on, when you do it,
I will never bring it up. Right.
I just had to say it in a way to put it on record. Oh,
put one on record that I, you know, the, uh, how I discovered you and you know,
[inaudible], This is going to be how, you know, how I feel about you. You know,
I feel just real good Tingley, warm feelings towards you. That's all. Thank you.
Yeah. And I think you're doing great stuff. That's all.
Talk about it.
Whoever knew that my career would come down to a car full of Asians driving.
So German,
Irish guy from Massachusetts who knew I needed the West coast Asian
connection. Hey guys,
we're taking a really quick break to talk about one of our favorite sponsors,
Glenn in USA each and every
day. You guys, Brooklyn, right?
It is a product that Kalila and I, my beautiful honey bunny here, we, we,
we use Brooklyn in our house and it just makes our relationship and our lives
more comfortable.